infinite in mystery is the gift of the
goddess we seek it thus and take to the
sky
Ripple's form on the water's surface the
wandering soul knows no rest loveless
act1 you remembered how can I not when
you've beaten it into my head
don't take separate lightly
is that the best you can do
all hail Sephiroth huh and you stay back
I'll take Sephiroth alone Genesis the
world needs a new hero hmm come and dry
so smug but for how long
yeah
ah
stop you'll destroy us all that's no way
to talk to a hero
enough yes ngo out of my way
yeah Genesis just a scrape I'll be fine
don't worry
even if the morrow is barren of promises
nothing shall forestall my return